In the last video, we made an update to our scaffold HTML file.
There's actually two other small things we need to update inside of here very quickly.
First off, we currently have a option right here of local and an option of Google Cloud built.
We can actually only have one of these options present inside of our scaffold file at any time.
So I'm going to find the section that says Local push false and comment it out.
I'll then save this file.
Next up, we're going to find our people file inside of that deployment file.
We had listed out the image to use with all the different pods that were being managed by this deployment.
The image that's being listed right here is still referring to our old image, the one with the name
of your Docker ID slash off.
But inside of our scaffold file we are saying that the image is going to have a very different name.
So we need to make sure that we update that deployment and tell it to use this image name instead.
So I'm going to copy that image name over to my off deployment file and update the image name right
there.
Like so.
Okay.
That's better now that we've got those two fixes in place.
Let's continue in the next video.